Workshop 7 Group 4

Done By:
MEMBER 2 : Dev Kshitij Patel
Student ID: 142979228
MEMBER 3: Meet Vimalkumar Patel
Student ID: 144113222          
        
Pseudocode:
Logic1:
Process: Calculate Regular Customer  
Step 1. Start
Step 2.Pass empty car_wash to process
Step 3. Display a greeting message.
Step 4. Display a message requesting the consumer to choose a wash option.
Step 5. Display the available wash options shown below, 
                  Car Wash Options: 
                         i) Basic- $ 5.50
                        ii) Clean- $ 8.75
                       iii) Super Clean- $12.50
Step 6. Retrieve the selected option from the customer.
Step 7.Check if the selected option is valid:
                 If it is valid, then proceed to the next step.
                 Else display a message asking the customer to try again.
Step 8.Retrieve the price for the selected option.
Step 9.Show a prompt requesting the customer to insert their credit card.
Step 10.The customer's credit card information is read and retrieved.
Step 11.Check if the credit card information is valid:
                   a) If the information is valid, proceed to the next step.
                   b) Else display a message asking the customer to try again.
Step 12.Apply the credit card and the amount to the transaction.
Step 13.Check the transaction status to determine if the payment was successful:
                   a) If the transaction status is "successfull", then generate a receipt with the selected option and the amount.
                       Display a thank you message to the customer.
                       And start the car wash process.
                   b) Else display a message informing the customer to try again
Step 14.Update car_wash process
Step 15.End

Logic 2:
Process: Calculate Monthly Member (cal_monthly_member)
Step 1.Start
Step 2: Pass car_wash to process
Step 3.Prompt customer did he/she had taken monthly membership earlier?
  a)yes (Go to step 6)
  b)no  
Step 4.Prompt user to take one of the default Car Wash Options that they want to sign-up for:
  a)Basic               : $5.50
  b)Clean              : $8.75
  c)Super Clean : $12.50
Step 5:The customer have to pay prepaid membership charges.
Step 6:Members' windshield will have stick-on barcode chips attached.
Step 7:Display Welcome message.
Step 8:Display a message to the member telling them to go to the kiosk station for automatic scanning.
Step 9:Customer's car will enter near kiosk station.
Step 10: Scan the barcode chip of the car.
Step 11: If a barcode chip is successfully detected and read:
                  then membership contact details will be identified and displayed on the screen.
             Else, display a message indicating that the vehicle is not a monthly member.
Step 12: Then display Thankyou message to the customer.
Step 13: Update car_wash process.
Step 14: End

Logic 3:
Process: Calculate Exceed Limit in Car wash (cal_exceed_limit)
Step 1: Start
Step 2: pass car_wash to process.
Step 3. Check if the customer is a monthly member 
     a. No, display an error message and prompt the customer to pay for the selected wash option.
     b. Yes, continue to the next step.
Step 4. Check if the member has already exceeded their two-wash limit for the day:
     a. If yes, display an error message 
        then: prompt the member to pay regular rates for any additional washes.
     b. If no, continue to the next step.
Step 5. Display the member's prepaid wash option.
Step 6. Ask the member if they want to choose a different wash option:
     a. yes, prompt the member to select the wished wash option 
        then: calculate the regular rate for the selected option.
     b. If no, skip to the next step.
Step 7. Display the total amount for the selected wash option 
Step 8. Process the payment 
Step 9. Print a receipt for the transaction.
Step 10. Update car_wash process.
Step 11. End


Main Process:
Step 1: Start
Step 2: If barcode is successfully scanned and detected:
       then: a) If customer is regular customer:
                   then: - Call Regular Customer process: (cal_regular_customer) [Logic 1]
                  b) else if , customer is monthly member:
                  then: - if, number of washes exceeds 2:
                                        then:- Call Exceed Limit in Car wash (cal_exceed_limit) [Logic 3]
                               else, 
                                       then:- Call Monthly Customer process: (cal_monthly_customer) [Logic 2]
                c) else,
                      then: Display "Invalid barcode"
Step  : End
                 